# object_detection

1 TECHNOLOGIES USED:
	Python is a programming language and IOT IS cross platform

2 EXISTING SYSTEM:

	The outline of our proposed parking lots space detection system is shown in Fig 3.1. This system consists four parts: Preprocessing, ground model feature extraction, multi-class SVM recognition and MRF based verification. In the first section, we rotate the raw input frames into the uniform axis and segment them into small patches which include 3 parking spaces each. Then, the probability of ground color of these patches are extracted as the input features, via applying a ground model. Next, Multi-class SVM is trained to analyze and classify the patches into 8 classes (status). Finally, Markov Random Field (MRF) are builded to solve the latent conflicts between two neighboring patches. In this step, we use the posterior probability generated by the SVM to improve the accuracy.

3 PROPOSED METHODOLOGY  :
Banana pi BPI-M1+ (BPI-M1 Plus):
		Banana PI BPI-M1+ is the open source hardware platform, Banana PI BPI-M1+ is the dual core Android 4.4 product which more better than the Raspberry Pi. Banana Pi BPI-M1+ series run Android,Debian linux,Ubuntu linux,Raspberry Pi imange and cubieboard image.
Banana PI BPI-M1+ hardware: 1Ghz ARM7 dual-core processor, 1GB DDR3 SDRAM, WIFI support onboard Banana PI BPI-M1+ with Gigabit ethernet port, SATA Socket. It can run with Android 4.4 smoothly.
		The size of Banana PI BPI-M1+ like the credit card, it can easily run with the game it support 1080P high definition video output, the GPIO compatible with Raspberry Pi and can run raspbian image.
4 SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS:

Operating System	: Windows XP/2003 Server
Framework		: MVC Architecture
Languages		: Core Java, Servlets, JSPs, JDBC, HTML etc..,
Data Base		: Oracle 10g
WEB Server		: Tomcat 5.5v
Tools			: Net beans

5 HARDWARE REQUIREMENTS:

Intel Pentium		:	P4
RAM (SD/DDR)	        : 	1GB
Hard Disc		: 	30GB
